docs/git-reference.md, before:

# Git and GitHub Reference

These is useful information to help you be more productive with git and GitHub.

## Git
Geeks for Geeks have a handy [Git Cheatsheet](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/git-cheat-sheet/) which covers basic to advanced commands.

## GitHub
Some useful GitHub features include:
- [Autolinked references](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/autolinked-references-and-urls) to make it easier to link to issues, PRs, commits, and URLs.
- [Keywords in issues and pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/using-keywords-in-issues-and-pull-requests) (e.g., "Closes #13") to link PRs with associated issues and automatically close linked issues when the PR is merged.

For information on GitHub Actions, see our [GHA Reference](./dev-tools/github-actions.md), which covers topics such as creating new workflows and skipping workflow runs with commands in your commit messages.

Commit message:

Update git-reference with additional links

docs/git-reference.md, after:

# Git and GitHub Reference

These is useful information to help you be more productive with git and GitHub.

## Git

Geeks for Geeks have a handy [Git Cheatsheet](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/git-cheat-sheet/) which covers basic to advanced commands.

## GitHub

GitHub has several ways of linking issues and pull requests (which automatically closes issues when the PR is merged):
- [Autolinked references](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/autolinked-references-and-urls)
- [Keywords in issues and pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/using-keywords-in-issues-and-pull-requests)
- [Manually linking issues and pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#manually-linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-the-pull-request-sidebar)

For information on GitHub Actions, see our [GHA Reference](./dev-tools/github-actions.md), which covers topics such as creating new workflows and skipping workflow runs with commands in your commit messages.
